A woman is slicing fish .
A guy is lifting weights .
A small dog runs up the stairs .
A man is holding his hands up while another man points two guns at him .
A man has his arm outstretched and is staring at a yellow triangle that appears on the back of the hand .
A man is throwing the basketball into the hoop .
Black bear cubs are digging holes .
A cat leaps onto a wall and climbs it to the ceiling .
A small child is playing a guitar .
A man is passing a football to and fro from one leg to the other standing on a football field .
A child is playing a guitar and singing .
A woman drives "The Arnold" down the street in a convertible .
A woman spices some seafood .
A man is assembling a speaker .
A person is cutting strips off a piece of meat .
Three men are on stage singing and playing guitars .
A man is eating a piece of bread .
A person is surfing near a big wave .
A woman and a man are riding on a motor-cycle .
A boy is looking a grasshopper .
A boy is screaming .
A group of men are dancing to music on a concrete surface with aircrafts in the background .
A woman is putting fish into a bowl .
Butter chunk is being mixed into flour .
A band troupe is performing .
A boy is driving a car .
A squirrel is eating a nut .
A girl is riding a bicycle in a parking lot .
A hedgehog is eating treats off a wooden floor .
A man is cutting a paper plate .
A woman is cutting cabbage leaves at particular distance .
A woman is picking up small bits of rice and mixing it with a bowl of sliced cucumbers .
A man is writing an algebraic formula on a whiteboard .
A person is cutting a central of a cucumber .
A woman is hitting volleyballs provided by another woman .
A man buys a 6 pack of beer .
A man is chopping a tree .
A man is taking toasts out from the packet .
A man is playing an electric guitar .
A dog is sniffing a baby duck .
A monkey is fighting with a man .
A man is adding sauce to cooking bowl .
It's raining outside while two men are standing inside a glassed in area talking .
Flour is getting prepared for making pastry .
A streetcar driving by .
A man is playing the guitar and singing .
A person is mixing a bowl of ingredients .
A chef is slicing shrimp .
A man is shooting another man .
A man is shaving slices off a piece of wood with a knife .
A person is cooking with liquid nitrogen .
A man is lifting weights in a garage .
A dog is playing on a trampoline .
A man is slicing an onion .
A cat is playing on the floor .
A turtle and cat interact with each other .
A cat is playing in a box .
A dog is running on the ground .
People are dancing on a stage .
A man puts seasoning on some dough .
Lemons are being juiced .
A woman is slicing a carrot into pieces .
A train is moving along the tracks .
Two kids are dancing .
A man cuts up some carrots .
A woman is doing aerobics .
A woman is blowing a big bubble .
A lion is playing with a person .
A young man is throwing a temper tantrum in a bedroom .
A monkey is walking in a watery field .
A woman is applying foundation to her face .
Butter is melted in a pan .
A boy is drinking from a water fountain .
A woman is slicing coriander leaves .
A lion is playing with people .
A polar bear is walking on some rocks .
A girl rides a horse through the snow .
A woman is taking her pet dog for a walk on the street .
A group of young girls are performing a dance show on the stage .
A chef is slicing herbs .
A woman is chopping a piece of octopus .
A girl is applying eye makeup .
A wild boar is running through the woods .
A man is pressing microwave buttons .
A peeled mango is sliced lengthwise .
A baby is hanging up a phone .
A woman is talking on a mobile phone .
A woman is making a fruit milk shake .
The roosters are fighting in a fighting ring .
A person is cutting cloth .
A woman cracks an egg in a bowl .
A woman is dancing on the railway platform in the rain .
A yellow train speeds down the coast .
A man is walking down a city sidewalk .
A person is cutting barbecued ribs with a knife .
A man is cleaning a glass door .
A man and woman reading news in a TV channel .
A person is mixing a bowl of ingredients .
A woman is extracting juice from lemon .
A boy is picking a trunk up .
A boy is playing with guitar .
A woman is smoking .
A girl plucks her eyebrows with tweezers .
A boy is running .
A bay is walking in a grocery store .
A choir sings .
A chef is slicing a tomato .
A person is drawing on a dollar bill with a pen .
A man gives the middle finger .
A woman is peeling an orange .
A man is playing the guitar and singing .
A man is finely chopping some green chillies .
A woman is preparing shrimps .
A woman is putting on sunglasses .
A man is fighting with a dummy .
A cat is pawing at a screen .
A man is singing and playing a guitar .
A person is using a camera to pound a nail into a board .
PREPARING FOOD IN HOTEL
Three men are hitting a car .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is walking and singing .
A girl is cutting a piece of plastic .
A man is doing yoga .
Dogs are pulling a sledge .
A man is playing a guitar
A woman is boiling finger in the water .
A man does karate kicks .
A girl is jumping rope .
A magician is creating a chain of air bubbles
A man is throwing objects in a fit of rage .
A man is shooting off multiple guns .
A man is running down a flight of stairs .
A minced mixture is portioned with a fruit scoop and then rolled into small balls .
A woman is applying eye liner .
A woman is adding sliced onion to pan .
A person is performing stunts with a motorbike .
A man is playing and singing .
A cat imitates a boxing match, on television .
A man is driving a car into the side of another car .
A person is peeling a potato with a potato peeler .
A man is giving an interview in front of a lot of microphones .
A squirrel is running around in a circle on a sidewalk .
A woman is putting a red meat in a pan .
A man does a spinning kick in the air .
A kid falls down .
A man is driving a motor-cycle .
A man is separating coriander leaves with knife .
A man in a library is talking .
A boy is playing the guitar .
Two girls are eating and talking in a restaurant .
Two men are fighting .
A man is talking on a mobile .
A basketball player is doing a hook shot .
A man cuts into a live fish .
A girl is riding a bicycle .
An invisible person is mixing batter .
he is cutting cabbage
A man chopped a chicken with a ax .
A turtle and fishes are swimming under the water .
A woman is shredding a chicken breast into small pieces using her fingers .
A person is applying seasoning to meat in a bowl .
A group of people are dancing .
A chef pours sugar into a pot .
A man is making raw bagels out of dough and placing them on the counter top .
A person is chopping an onion .
two girls are talking on the telephone to each other .
A man is draining liquid out of a plastic container .
A woman is playing catch with a kid .
A woman reads a book on a rock .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is baking bread .
A monkey is itching its arm .
A woman is placing a telephone call .
A man is putting a square of cream cheese into a bowl .
A small girl is walking .
A woman brushes her very long blonde hair .
A woman is placing battered fish into hot oil to fry .
A man is playing a guitar .
A monkey attacks a woman .
A puppy is climbing down a staircase .
Two women are sitting on a couch together .
A cat is looking out a window .
A ballet dancer is performing on stage .
A man is playing keyboards .
A girl is styling her hair .
An Asian chef is frying seafood .
A woman is riding a horse .
A toy train is going around a track .
A woman is rolling dough in her hands .
A man is spreading butter on a tortilla .
A woman is cracking an egg .
A man is riding a motorcycle .
A man is sliding down an escalator rail .
A man is playing guitar .
A man is dancing .
A man is mowing a lawn .
Someone is chopping cooked chicken .
A small baby is riding on a horse .
A boy is playing a flute .
A cat is walking around some drawers .
A group of people are singing .
A man and a woman are kissing .
A man is riding a horse .
A frog is attacking a finger .
A cat is climbing out a couch .
A girl is reading a news paper .
A group of people are riding on top of a bus .
A man is pouring spaghetti sauce over a plate of spaghetti .
A girl is filling a pot with water .
A man is playing the piano .
A person is adding flour to a mixture in a pot and stirring it to form a dough .
A man is riding a mechanical bull .
A man is broken a bottle by a sword .
A chinchilla is jumping on rocks .
Some kids are eating hamburgers .
A girl is singing .
A man is breaking wood with his hand .
A man is pretending to cry .
A man is fitting a machine .
Two women are wrestling .
A person is mixing food together in a large metal bowl .
A man is cutting a potato into thin slices .
A man is riding a mo-pad .
A chef is peeling the skin of fresh vegetable .
A person is folding a piece of paper .
A woman dances in front of a fire .
A child is pushed from a pogo stick .
Two babies are sitting in high chairs .
A woman is chopping a potato .
A brick is falling on a man's foot .
A man is running on road .
A helicopter with Batman and Robin is flying over an ocean .
A panda bear is sliding down a slide .
A man walks behind the counter of a store .
A police offer is approaching a vehicle with his pistol drawn .
A little boy is in a bathtub .
A herd of caribou are crossing a road .
A man pushes a large tree limb .
A man is playing a guitar .
A person is making a ball of dough .
Cricketer are playing cricket .
A woman is sewing .
Computerized rugby players are passing the ball to each other .
A man is playing a keyboard .
A man is playing the violin on a roof .
A woman is slicing a fish fillet with a knife .
A man is peeling an apple with a knife .
A car drives onto the pavement .
A man is peeling a potato .
Two girls are dancing together .
A young woman is dancing in a cage .
A animal is walking around .
A woman is slicing a potato .
A cat is speaking .
A person is peeling raw shrimp .
A man is smoking a cigarette .
Two lions are watching a TV .
A tiger is running in slow motion .
A soccer team kicks a soccer ball around .
A woman slices and pits a pepper .
Eddie Murphy is walking through the bar in the movie Coming to America .
A man falls down on the street .
A woman applies makeup to her eye lids .
A woman is dancing in the rain .
People are racing motorcycles .
A man is riding a bicycle .
A group of lemurs are sitting together .
A woman is peeling the skin off an onion .
A train is passing on a railway-track .
A woman is peeling a garlic .
A girl pops a Pepsi can and takes a sip .
Elephants are bathing .
A group of peasants plants rice .
A person is slicing a capsicum .
Someone is moving a car in reverse .
A woman is peeling a tuber .
A man is crashing his bike .
A woman is adding ingredients to a pan that is simmering on a stove .
A woman is stirring together ingredients in a glass bowl .
A man is talking and serving food .
A young boy is vacuuming the carpet .
A person is putting a box in the microwave .
A dog smiles .
A group of women are holding each other and dancing to music in the open .
A woman is dancing and signing in the rain .
A woman is slicing a block of tofu into small rectangles .
A man is slicing pieces off of a loaf of bread .
A man is holding up a t-shirt that is printed with the YouTube logo .
A woman is cutting pieces out of a cake while another woman looks on .
A young girl rides a horse .
A man is riding on a horse .
Two cats eat food from a bowl .
Doctors are doing an operation .
Men are running in a race .
A man is mowing a lawn .
A man is striking clay pots .
Someone dumps a bowl of meat into a skillet and starts cooking it .
A woman is paddling a boat .
A chimpanzee is grooming a dog with a brush .
A chef sautes food in a large pan .
Baby turtles are crawling across the sand .
A person is slicing a small pieces of ginger .
A man is beating another man .
A woman beats two eggs in a bowl with chopsticks .
A soccer player dribbles past his opponents .
A man is chopping up a cucumber .
A group of people are getting off a train .
Someone is cooking onions in a skillet .
A man is wheeling a small motorcycle .
A leopard is sitting with its cub .
A man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe .
A Basket Ball Player dribbling the ball .
Mens are playing a chess .
A woman is riding a horse .
A woman does aerobic exercise .
A person puts chopping onions into a frying pan .
A man is talking on cellphone inside a storeroom .
A baby is laughing .
A man and a woman are kissing each other .
A boy wants to play soccer with another boy on the other side of the fence .
A woman is putting small cuts in meat .
A man rises from a swamp .
A dog is barking at a toy .
Guys are performing .
A man is lifting a truck .
A balls rolls over a potato .
A man is shooting a gun .
A man is playing a guitar .
A chef is stirring a pot .
A woman is applying cosmetics to a man .
A woman is "dancing" while sitting on some steps, then hits her elbow .
A group of men are running .
A woman is peeling a papaya with a knife .
A basketball player shoots a basket .
A little girl is chasing a teenager around a house .
A baby is running .
A chef is slicing an onion .
A man is cutting an onion by a machine .
A man is asking for a lift to a woman going in a car .
A man dressed as an ape is playing drums in a departmental store .
A man is slicing a piece of banana bread and setting it on a plate .
Two men are speaking on the phone .
A man is crawling along the sidewalk, carrying a half-eaten ice cream cone .
A man is jumping over and against objects in the rain while holding an umbrella .
A man is riding a skateboard .
A person is making scrambled eggs .
A baby is playing around .
A cat is jumping after a toy .
A chef is slicing a pepper .
A man is cutting a paper .
A man hit his finger with a hammer .
A man is adding a food in the plate .
A person is chopping an onion into pieces with a knife .
Girls are skating in a race .
Someone pours a pan of chopped vegetables into a pan of broth .
A person is peeling a potato with peeler .
A woman climbs a wall .
A person is cutting a pieces of a meat .
A person is pouring sauce over a plate of food .
A jockey rides a horse across a field .
A woman is cooking shrimp in a frying pan .
A basketball player did a lay-up and got the basketball in the net .
A woman is making a cup of coffee .
A man cuts open an envelope and removes a pair of headphones .
A man smashes and dices ingredients with a knife .
A apple is being pulled apart .
A man demonstrates a food dish .
Men are fighting .
cute parrot
A monkey is riding a bus .
A lion is lying .
A man eats a banana .
A cat is playing a piano .
A man dives into a pool .
A couple of girls are sitting on a couch crocheting .
A man is using a knife to cut through a frozen tube of ground beef .
A man and a woman dance together .
A woman is slicing bacon .
a man is drinking a water .
A dog barks .
A woman chops up food .
A man is putting butter on bread .
A boy is falling from his bike while jumping .
A hunter is taking a dead deer .
A man and woman demonstrate an exercise .
A man is cutting a butter .
A group of people are dancing .
A cat is licking its lips .
A woman is washing her hands at the kitchen faucet .
A cat is rubbing against a baby .
A man is slicing a loaf of french bread .
A man and a woman are eating food .
A baby in a diaper is dancing in front of a TV .
A woman cuts the roots and stem of a garlic bulb and peels it open to separate the garlic pods .
A woman is chopping cabbage .
A badger is coming out of a hole in the ground .
Two baby pandas are playing .
A man is playing a guitar on the road .
Two animated bunnies are kissing .
A man is cutting off a strip at one end of a large slab of meat .
Someone is cleaning a animal .
A dog is eating food out of the refrigerator .
A woman is dancing .
A woman is removing the skin and bones from a cooked fish .
A man dumps chili into a bowl .
A guy is playing an instrument .
A chef pours water in a pan .
A person is adding beans to a pot on a stove .
Someone is feeding a panda .
A man is slicing an eggplant .
A man walks down a path .
A boy is riding a bike on a gate .
A person is mixing seasoning in a cup .
A monkey is chewing food .
Lion cubs are playing with each other .
A group of raccoons eat peanuts .
A puppy is trying to get out of a bathtub .
A dog ran into a brick post .
A cat is licking a small bottle .
A man swings across the room on a chain .
A parakeet is dialing a phone by pecking on the number pad with it's beak .
A man is playing keyboard .
A man is cutting a carpet section .
someone is cutting the carrot into small pieces
A man is holding a woman .
A orchestra is playing instruments .
A man is seasoning bread .
A woman is putting salt on a small bowl of peas .
A group of men are arguing .
Two slow iris are sitting .
A dog is running with a ball in its mouth .
A comic figure of a lady chef is tossing a peeled banana in a saucepan .
A person is mixing a meaty mixture in a glass bowl with a wooden spoon .
A woman in headphones is singing into a microphone .
A man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife
Two men are playing ping pong .
A news reporter is on the scene .
A person is slicing a loaf of bread .
A person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork .
Some people are making a human pyramid .
A woman is adding ingredients to shrimp .
A man pours tomato sauce into a sausage pot .
A man in a devil suit hitchhiked along the road .
A jet flies across the sky .
A man is pouring oil on tomatoes .
A woman gets slimed .
A chef pours oil into a pan .
A chef is cutting meat .
Someone is chopping garlic .
A man picks up a baby alligator .
A man is playing a keyboard .
A person is shooting at a metal target .
A man is pouring oil into a frying pan .
A cat is swinging from a ceiling fall and then gets thrown off of it .
A man is playing a guitar .
A polar bear is chasing a group of walrus .
A man is doing some skating stunts .
Children are dancing .
A frog holds on to someone's finger .
A boy is throwing tennis balls at another boy .
A woman is changing a tire .
A person is adding cumin seeds in the pot .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is eating pasta off of a plate .
Tiny men are fighting .
A puppy is sliding backwards along the floor .
The space shuttle is orbiting the earth .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
Women are dancing .
A man is drumming on stage .
A gorilla is playing drums .
A cat is walking through some grass .
A man in a chef's hat is cleaning off the edge of a bowl .
Two toys car are running on the road .
A man is riding a bicycle on the grass-field .
A man is playing guitar .
A dog is doing skating on a skate-board on the road .
A person is petting a baby sloth .
A cat is hitting the keys on a piano with it's paw .
A dog goes down a water slide .
A man is putting chicken wings into a plastic storage container .
Onions are being poured into a skillet .
A person is slicing a meat into pieces .
A man is laying under a concrete slab while another man hits it with a sledgehammer .
A guy plays with a ball .
A man is cutting an onion and a tomato into small pieces .
A man is spreading out dough .
A woman is doing some tricks with butterfly knife .
Rice being poured and spread into a pan .
A person is playing with a cat .
A rat is eating sunflower's seeds .
A man is preparing flour .
Someone is pouring a can of tomato sauce into a pan of sausages .
A man is singing a song standing in front of a mike in a recording room .
A cake is decorated with slices of strawberry .
A woman is rolling out fondant cake icing .
A person is covering a butter by a paper .
A girl is watering plants .
A man is petting two dogs .
A person is boiling shrimp in water .
A man is typing keys .
A man is typing at a keyboard onto a laptop .
A woman is cutting a lemon .
A cat uses a toilet to relieve itself .
A woman is opening a wine bottle .
A woman is putting shrimp onto skewers .
A baby is drinking from a cup .
Some boys are playing football in a yard .
Boy is felled down when he was trying to kick a football .
Three women are dancing in concert .
A woman is tapping her fingers .
A woman is rolling out some dough .
A man and a woman are talking .
Two women are blending ingredients in a blender .
A man shoots a shotgun .
A man is doing exercise .
A person is pouring water into a pan .
A cat is batting at a dog with it's front paws while the dog jumps around and barks at the cat .
A little girl is dancing while watching a TV program about dancing .
A girl jumped off a cliff into water .
A man is playing a keyboard .
A chef is slicing a piece of fruit .
A man is cutting wood with a knife .
A man is speaking to a crowd of people .
A woman is placing a tray in the oven .
A women is chopping the onions and green chili,s .
A man is cutting boiled potatoes in pieces .
A cat is playing with a ferret .
A teenage girl is putting on lip gloss .
Men are trying to mave a small plane .
A person is brushing a cat .
A panda bear is eating some bamboo .
Two men are boxing .
A woman adds sliced vegetables to a pan .
A person is performing a card trick .
A man wearing a firehat is dancing .
A rocket exploded .
A man is cutting a tomato into two pieces .
A drill sergeant is speaking to soldiers standing in attention .
A baby bites his brother`s finger .
A girl is putting a fish on the grill .
A baby girl is walking .
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush .
A woman is riding on a horse .
A tiger is walking around .
A man is aiming a gun .
A group of children are running .
A cute baby with smile
A man is singing into a microphone .
A man is stirring sugar into his coffee .
A man is holding a tiny frog .
A goose attacks a man .
A man is riding a bike .
A girl is playing the violin .
A man is playing guitar .
A man is cutting an onion with a cleaver .
Someone is drawing a cartoon character .
Someone is measuring out vanilla extract .
A person is dumping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove .
A cat is pawing something in it's water dish .
A man is cutting grass with a tiller .
A man and a woman have an intense discussion .
A cat jumps over a gate that is blocking an entrance .
A man is packing meats in the zip-bag .
A toy fish is swimming in the water .
A man is exercising .
A woman hangs up the phone .
A lemur is sitting on a road .
A man is pouring sauce to a cooking bowl .
A man is climbing a rope .
A chef is slicing a bell pepper .
A chef is sauteing garlic and onions in a pan .
A woman tends to the earth .
A man is playing drums
A person is stirring salad .
A loris is eating its food .
A woman is putting a small baby in a water pip .
A man is sauteing onions in a pan .
A girl is playing flute .
Five men dive into a swimming pool .
A woman is dying in hands of a man .
A young girl is dancing .
A person is adding paste in a food .
A person dices a vegetable .
Two cameras are sitting side by side one of them is in flames .
A man is getting out of bed .
A getaway driver is outmaneuvering the police .
A cat is angry and hissing .
A woman is cutting a bouillon cube into slices .
A man is pouring gasoline on a fire .
Men are twisting dough into pretzels .
A person grates a potato into a bowl .
A man is hitting another .
A man spreads a mixture of butter and garlic on the entire surface of a frech bread slice using a spoon .
A dog is running down a sidewalk .
A person is slicing a tomato into pieces .
A little boy is playing a grand piano .
A man and a woman are walking in the woods .
A cat is pouncing on a trampoline .
Foxes are eating .
A person in a hospital bed is getting wheeled into a room .
A man is cutting tomatoes .
A person is sprinkling spices on raw chicken .
Someone fries a fish in a frying pan .
A person is typing in a keyboard .
A man pours pasta into a dish .
A car is going down a hill .
A woman seasons some meat .
A car is going up a hill .
A group of girls is performing a dance routine onstage .
A woman pours meat into a hot wok and mixes it around .
A man and a woman are kissing .
A dog is passing through a door with a stick in his mouth .
The men are fighting using martial arts .
A carrot is being skinned .
A man is opening a door .
A group of people tossed a mannequin over a cliff .
A baseball player hits a ball .
A man crashes on a motorcycle .
A man is bowling a double strike in two lanes .
A man is climbing by a rope .
A woman is cutting meat .
A person is cooking an egg in a hot frying pan .
A man and woman are speaking while riding a motorcycle .
A onion is being chopped .
A man is playing a video game on a laptop computer .