A person is slicing salmon .
A bodybuilder is lifting weights .
The man is trying to catch the dog which comes racing up the stairs .
A man points two guns at another man .
A hand is shown with it's fingers spread and a light shining on it .
A basketball player charges the basket and makes his shot .
Baby bears are digging .
A cat is climbing up a wall .
A baby is playing a guitar .
A man is kicking a ball around .
A boy is singing and playing a guitar .
A woman and man are driving in a car .
A woman seasons plates of food .
A man is assembling a speaker .
A man is trimming fat from a roast .
A trio of men are playing guitars .
A man eats some food .
A person is riding on a huge wave in the sea .
A man and woman ride a motorcycle .
A boy is interested in a mantis .
A kid plays on a chair .
A group of men are dancing in front of a plane .
A woman is dipping fish into batter .
The butter is added to the flour and mixed well with a knife .
A band of four men are playing music in an outdoor location .
Two boys are riding in a car .
A chipmunk is eating a peanut .
A girl is riding a bike .
A hedgehog is eating food .
A man is cutting a paper plate .
A woman cuts a leafy vegetable .
A woman is placing sliced cucumbers into a glass container and sprinking on salt .
A teacher is writing on a board .
A person is slicing a cucumber .
A woman is hitting a volleyball on the beach .
A man buys beer .
A man cut a tree with an axe .
A man removes food from a box .
A man is playing a guitar .
A dog is sniffing a duck .
A chimp is doing karate moves .
A man is pouring a can of water into a pot of chili .
A man is talking to another man while it rains outside .
A woman making some recipe .
A bus is running on the road .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is mixing batter .
A person is slicing shrimp .
A man is being shot .
A man is slicing leather with a knife .
A man is using a beater to whisk the smoking liquid in a steel container .
A man is exercising with weight .
A dog is jumping on a trampoline .
A man is cutting a shallot .
A cat runs into a hollow box .
A cat is playing with a turtle .
A cat is hiding in a box .
A dog runs and hides behind a tree .
People on stage are dancing .
A man is seasoning some dough in a pan .
A man is trying to get all of the lemon-juice by the machine .
A woman is slicing a carrot .
A train is going across a track .
Two boys are standing one in front of the other bouncing up and down .
A man cuts a peeled carrot into two and thereafter cuts the top half lengthwise into two .
A very busty woman works out .
A woman creates a huge bubble .
A lion bites a man pants as he is kneeling .
A boy is going crazy .
A monkey treads through water .
A woman is making an eye-shado with a brush .
Someone is melting a piece of butter in a skillet .
A boy is drinking from a water fountain .
A woman chops cilantro .
A lion is playing with two men .
A bear is walking on the rock .
A girl is riding a horse in the snow .
A lady is walking a dog down the street .
A group of kids are dancing .
A woman is cutting a green leafy plant into small pieces .
A person slices octopus .
A girl applies eyeshadow .
A wild boar is running .
A man is operating a microwave oven .
A mango is being sliced .
A baby girl places the receiver of the phone back on the base .
A woman is talking on a cell phone .
A person is pouring milk into a blender of other ingredients .
Roosters are fighting .
A person cuts a sock with scissors .
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .
A woman is dancing in the rain .
A yellow passenger train is speeding down the track .
A man is singing while walking down the sidewalk .
A person is slicing a rack of ribs .
A man is cleaning a glass door
News anchors speak to a camera .
A man is whisking .
A woman is squeezing a lemon .
A boy is lifting a log .
A boy is playing a guitar .
A man and woman are smoking .
A girl is plucking her eyebrows .
A boy is running from numerous chickens .
A small baby pushing a cart .
A choir is singing .
A person is slicing a tomato .
A person draws on a dollar bill .
A man flips someone off .
A woman cut a small piece of lemon peel off of a lemon .
A man is playing guitar .
A man dices some green peppers .
A woman is peeling a shrimp .
A woman puts on sunglasses .
A man kicking a dummy falls down .
A cat is making sounds on a board .
A man is playing a guitar on a stage with a band .
Un homme plante un clou .
A man slicing the roasted duck .
Men attacking a car .
A bearded bald man is playing the guitar .
A man is carrying a woman on his back .
A girl is cutting plastic .
A man is meditating .
Dogs are pulling a sled through the snow .
Someone is playing a guitar .
A person is boiling chile peppers .
A man breaks three boards by kicking .
A girl is jumping rope .
a man is making a chain of bubbles
A man attacks people .
A man is shooting guns .
A man is hurriedly running down a staircase .
A man is making small balls from a meat mixture using his palms .
A woman applies eye shadow to her eyelid .
A person is adding garlic pieces in the pan .
Someone is doing figure eights on a motorcycle .
A man is playing guitar on stage .
A cat bats his paws at a television set .
A man crashes his car into a parked car .
A person is peeling a potato .
A man is answering questions posed by reporters at an outdoor location .
A squirrel is moving rapidly on a concrete floor in circles .
A person puts some ground beef in a pan .
A man leaps into the air and kicks one foot higher than his head .
A boy fell to the ground .
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike .
A man cuts a bundle of leafy vegetables with a knife .
A man is talking .
A boy is playing a guitar .
The woman are talking and eating .
Two men are fighting .
A man is talking on a cell phone .
playing games
A fish is being killed .
A girl is cycling .
A bowl full of sauce seems to mix itself .
A man is slicing onion
A man slices a whole chicken .
A turtle is walking underwater .
A woman is pulling chicken meat apart .
A man is adding spices to chicken .
People are dancing outside .
A man puts sugar into a pot of rice .
A man is making bagels .
A cook peels, slices, and dices an onion .
Two teenage girls are talking on the telephone .
A man is pouring the water from a plastic container into the sink .
A mom and a child toss a ball .
A woman is reading a book outside .
A man is paying guitar on a stage .
Someone is sprinkling cheese on slices of bread .
A capuchin monkey is moving its right arm quickly .
The lady is dialing and calling someone on her mobile phone .
A man puts cream cheese in a bowl .
A girl walking is approached by a man in a car .
A person is combing their very long hair in front of the fireplace .
A person is frying a food .
A man is playing a guitar .
A chimpanzee is hurting a woman .
A puppy is coming down from the stairs .
Two women are hugging on a couch .
A cat is looking out a window .
A ballerina is dancing .
A man is playing an electronic keyboard .
A girl is dividing her hair into sections .
A person is frying cantaloupe .
A woman rides a horse .
A toy train is running on a railway-track .
A man is rolling three pieces of dough into round balls .
A man is spreading margarine on a tortilla .
A woman cracks an egg into a dish .
A man is racing his motorcycle .
A man is sliding down an escalator rail .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is dancing on a stage .
A lawn is being mowed .
A person is cutting meat .
A child is riding a horse .
A young man is playing a flute .
A cat is walking across the floor .
A group of kids sang Christmas songs in front of the mike .
A man and a woman are kissing .
A man is riding a horse in an enclosed area .
A frog bites a person's finger .
A cat is coming out from the back side of the couch .
A girl is reading a magazine .
People are riding a bus .
A man pours a cup of tomato sauce over a plate of pasta .
A girl fills a saucepan with water .
A man is playing keyboard .
A man adds some flour into a bowl containing a mixture of egg and butter and combines it all using a wooden spatula .
A man is riding a bull machine .
A man slices a soda bottle with a sword .
There is a small rodent with extraordinarily large ears is hopping across a pebbly terrain .
Three children are eating their food .
A woman is singing .
A man is breaking boards with a karate chop .
A man is crying .
A hammer levitates and hits a mans hand .
Two women in bathing suits are wrestling .
A person is mixing a bowl of food .
A man is slicing a potato .
A guy rides a vehicle slowly .
A man slicing vegetable
A person folds a piece of paper several times .
A person is ritually dancing next to a fire .
A boy pushes another boy on a pogo stick .
Two babies are sitting side by side in infant seats .
A woman cuts up a potato .
A man on a roof is tossing bricks to a man on the ground when the man on the ground is distracted and one of the flying bricks hits him in the head .
A man is running down a road in slow motion .
A helicopter is flying over the ocean and the scene changes to show Batman and Robin in the cockpit .
A baby panda slides down a slide .
A man is billing at the cash counter and handing over the bill to a cutomer at the store .
A cop is pointing a gun at someone .
A child is singing in the tub .
A group of deer cross the road in a forest .
A man is carrying a tree .
A man is playing a guitar .
A lady made a ball out of the dough .
People are playing cricket .
A woman is sewing two squares of fabric together on a sewing machine .
An animated rugby game .
A man is playing a piano .
A man is playing a violin on the roof .
A woman is slicing fish .
someone prepare cooking
A car crashed into a building .
A man is peeling a potato using a peeler .
Two teenage girls are dancing .
A woman is dancing in a cage .
A slow loris is looking at a plastic container .
A woman is slicing ginger .
A cat is looking into the camera and meowing .
A person is peeling shrimp .
A man is smoking a cigarette .
Lions are watching TV on a couch .
A tiger is running in slow motion .
A soccer ball is kicked around .
A woman is cutting a bell pepper into pieces .
Eddie Murphy and Arsenio Hall walk through a nightclub together .
A man falls by the street .
A woman is applying eye shadow .
A woman is dancing in the rain .
Motor bikes are racing in motoGP .
A man is riding a bicycle on the road .
Lemurs are hugging each other in a row .
A woman is peeling an onion .
A train is riding on tracks .
A woman is peeling garlic .
A woman is drinking a soda .
Elephants are bathing them selves .
A bunch of farmers are planting rice .
A man slices a green pepper and takes out its seeds .
A driver moves a car in reverse .
A woman is slicing the skin off a wild potato .
A man falls off a motorcycle .
A woman puts garlic on a skillet of beef .
A woman is mixing rice in a bowl .
A man is serving food to other men .
A little boy is vacuuming the floor .
A man cooks food in a microwave .
The dog is smiling and wagging its tail when its master comes .
A group of Indian women are dancing .
A woman dances in the rain .
A woman is slicing tofu into cubes .
A man is slicing a loaf of bread .
A man is displaying a t-shirt with the words you tube written on it .
A cake is being sliced .
The girl is riding a horse .
A man is riding a horse .
A kitten is eating food out of a bowl .
Surgeons operate on a man .
Men are racing on a track .
A man cutting grass by the machine .
A man is kicking hanging pots .
Someone is putting raw ground meat into a wok .
A lady is padling a oanoe on water .
A monkey is brushing a dog's hair .
A chef is preparing some food .
A large number of turtles are crawling in the sand .
A woman is slicing ginger .
A boy spanks a man with a plastic sword .
A man is breaking eggs .
A man is playing soccer .
A man is slicing a cucumber .
People step off a train .
A person is adding chopped onions into the pan .
Someone is riding a motorcycle with the front wheel elevated in the air while he rides in a circles .
Leopards are congregating .
A man is chopping wood .
Basketball player runs with a ball to score a point .
Men are playing chess .
A woman is riding on a horse .
A girl is exercising .
A person is cooking onions .
A man is making a clandestine phone call .
A small baby is laughing .
A man and woman are kissing .
A boy is kicking rocks and yelling at another boy with a ball .
A woman is making a number of small incisions in an uncooked  pork chop .
A man's head rises out of a pile of mud .
A dog is barking at a musical toy .
A young man wearing boxing gloves is joined by two other young men and they all begin to dance .
A man is lifting the rear end of a truck up into the air .
A ball knocked over a potato .
A man firing bullets with a rifle and a gun standing on an open ground is shown in separate sections of the video .
A man is playing a guitar while another looks on .
A person is mixing a pot .
A lady decorates a man's face .
A girl shook her body on stage .
Men  are running in the race .
A person is carving the skin off a papaya fruit .
A basketball player basketting the ball .
A girl is chasing an older girl .
A little kid is running around a fishing pole .
Someone is dicing an onion using a knife .
A man chops onions .
A man asks for a ride from a woman driving a car .
A gorilla is playing bongos .
A man is cutting banana bread .
A man is sitting in a swivel chair talking on a cordless telephone .
A man crawls on the sidewalk .
A man is jumping over objects .
A boy skateboards down the sidewalk .
A man is scrambling egg .
A baby girl is putting away her toys .
A cat is bouncing around trying to catch a ball .
A woman is slicing a red pepper .
A child tore a paper .
A man hits his thumb while hammering .
A man empties pasta from a plastic container .
A person is slicing an onion into pieces .
Women are roller skating .
A person puts vegetables into a pot .
A woman is peeling a potato .
A girl is climbing a rock wall .
A person is cutting ribs .
A person pours sauce onto a plate .
A girl is riding a horse .
A woman is cooking shrimp .
The boy threw the basketball into the basket .
A girl is pouring coffee into a mug and adding sugar .
A man cuts open a brown mail envelope, with scissors, and pulls out some headphones .
A man is cutting garlics .
Someone is holding an apple with both hands and they break the apple into two pieces .
A man is holding a plateful of spaghetti and he picks up a forkful of spaghetti and looks at it .
Men are fighting each other .
a parrot is acting like a dead body
A monkey wearing headphones is a passenger on a bus .
A lion is sitting on the ground .
A man eats a banana .
A cat is hitting piano keys .
A man dives into a swimming pool .
A woman is knitting .
A man is trying to slice through a package of ground meat .
A man and a woman are dancing .
A woman is slicing bacon strips .
A man drinks a glass of water with a fish .
A dog barking "I want my mama" .
A lady is chopping a green chilly .
A man is buttering a quarter loaf of bread .
A boy falls off his bike .
A man is dragging a dead deer .
A woman is doing squatting exercises on a mat while a man coaches her .
A man cutting butter into a mixing bowl .
A couple is performing dance moves .
A cat is licking its lips .
A woman is in the kitchen washing her hands .
A black-and-white-cat is snuggling heads with a baby .
A man is slicing bread .
A man is eating food .
A baby watching TV is dancing .
A person is taking the roots off a clove of garlic .
A person is slicing a cabbage leaf .
A badger comes out of a hole .
Baby pandas are hugging .
A person is playing a guitar .
Two rabbits are loving each other .
A man cuts away a strip of fat from a piece of meat .
A lady is washing a little hedgehog in the sink .
A dog grabs food from a fridge .
A woman is dancing .
A woman is removing bones from a fish .
A man opens a can and pours the contents into a bowl .
A boy is playing the cello .
A man pours coconut water into a bowl .
A man puts beans into a pot .
A person feeds a red panda .
A eggplant is being sliced .
A man is walking outside .
A BMX biker rides along the top of a fence .
A man is preparing some dishes .
A lemur is eating .
Animals play together .
A group of raccoons are eating .
A puppy inside a bath tub is wagging his tail and trying to climb out of it .
A dog is running on the road .
A cat is licking a bottle .
A man is swinging on a chain .
A parakeet is pecking telephone buttons with its beak .
A man is playing a keyboard .
A man slices carpet with a knife .
A woman is slicing a carrot .
A man is trying to save a woman in the cold .
A band is playing .
A man is preparing garlic bread .
A woman is adding salt on the peas and mixing it .
A football player dressed in blue fights with an opposite team member, as the team members in blue surround and take him away .
Loris are eating their food .
A dog chews a tennis ball .
A cartoon woman is flipping a pancake in a frying pan .
A lady mixed up a meat mixture in bowl .
A woman is singing .
A man is slicing water bottles .
Two men are playing table tennis .
A man is reporting the news .
Someone is cutting diagonal slices from a loaf of bread .
A person is adding spices on a meat .
A group of people are kneeling on each others back .
woman is putting seasoning into a bowl containing two prawns .
A man pours tomato sauce into a pot .
A man dressed as Death is hitchhiking .
A jet plane is flying in the sky .
A man is adding oil on tomatoes pieces .
A girl has green slime poured on her .
A person pours oil on a skillet .
Someone is cutting the skin and pieces of fat off of a chicken .
A woman is slicing garlics .
A man picks up a lizard .
A man is playing a key-board by one hand .
A man shoots a steel target .
A man is adding oil into a pan .
A cat is spun around by a ceiling fan .
A man is playing a guitar .
A bear is running .
A boy is showing skating stunts .
A very young child is dancing with some older children .
A frog bites a man's finger .
A boy is throwing tennis balls at another boy .
A woman attempts to remove a tire from a car .
A man is sprinkling spices onto sausages in a pan .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is eating spaghetti .
Two short men are trying to fight .
A puppy is moving through the floor .
A computerized shuttle is flying through the sky .
A deer is hopping over a chainlink fence .
Women are dancing outside .
A drummer plays a drum kit .
Someone in a gorilla costume is playing a set of drums .
A cat is walking slowly in the grass .
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl off .
Toy cars are racing on a track .
A man is riding a bicycle .
A man is playing a guitar .
A bulldog is riding a skateboard .
A slow loris is being tickled .
A cat is playing a piano and rubbing its head on the keys .
A dog climbs a water slide and plunges into a pool .
A man is putting foods in a box .
A woman is frying onion pieces .
A woman is slicing fish .
A man hammers a slab of concrete on another man .
A boy is kicking a ball .
A man cuts up an onion .
A man is laying out dough on a cookie sheet .
A woman does tricks with a knife .
cook puts rise in a pan .
A woman is holding a cat and making him punch .
A hamster is eating seeds .
A cook is kneading a dough .
A man is pouring a can of tomato sauce into a pan of sausages .
A boy wearing a headset is speaking into a microphone .
very look like beautiful
A woman is rolling a dough .
A woman is wrapping tofu .
A girl is spraying flowers .
A man is petting two dogs while holding a guitar .
A person is cooking shrimp .
Someone is typing on some kind of machine .
one men is working in a laptop
A lady sliced a lemon with a tool .
A cat is using the toilet .
A woman is dancing .
A woman is putting sticks into shrimp .
A Baby girl is drinking milk .
Boys are playing football .
A boy falls trying to kick a ball .
The women are dancing .
A woman is tapping her fingers .
The dough is being rolled into a round with a rolling pin,
A black man talks on television .
A girl is grinding beans .
A man shoots a shotgun .
A man is weightlifting .
A person pours water into a bowl .
A dog and cat are fighting .
A girl child is mimicking Beyonce's dance moves .
A girl dives into water .
A kid is playing keyboard .
A person is slicing cantaloupe .
A man hammers a knife into a wooden board .
A man is speaking into a microphone .
A woman is baking some food .
A woman is slicing some onion
A man is cutting a potato into eighths .
A cat fights with another animal .
A woman is painting her lips .
A man is pushing an airplane backwards .
A cat is being brushed .
A panda is eating bamboo .
A man is kicking and training with another man .
A woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet .
A person is playing cards .
A man in a hard hat is dancing in front of several other men .
A missile is blasting in the sky .
A man is slicing a large tomato .
A Drill Sargent addresses his recruits .
A baby bites a kids finger .
A woman is grilling fish .
A little baby is walking around the house .
A person is scrubbing a zucchini .
A woman is riding her horse in a field .
A tiger is pacing in a cage .
A man fires an empty revolver .
Bathi chokariyo ramata ramata jati rhe che .
a child is laughing
A man is singing on stage .
A man pours sugar into his cup of coffee and drinks the coffee .
A man holds a baby frog in his hand .
A swan attacks a man .
A man is riding a bike on the road .
A girl is playing a violin .
A man is plying a guitar .
A man is slicing a red onion .
A person is drawing a picture .
A person is adding a souse on eggs .
A man is dumping a bowl of ingredients into a pan .
A cat is pawing at a stick in a bowl .
A boy is tilling a field .
A man and a woman are talking to each other .
A cat is jumping over a small barricade .
A man is placing chicken breasts in a plastic bag .
A woman is dead in a bathtub .
A man is doing exercise .
A girl is standing in the corner of a room shaking her head and the scene flashes to a boy picking up a telephone .
A lemur is sitting in the ground .
A person pours tomato sauce in a pot .
A man is climbing a rope .
Someone is dicing a red pepper using a knife .
A woman pours some oil in a skillet, then some seasoning, and then some diced vegetables .
A woman is doing yard work .
A guy is playing the drums .
A person mixes a bowl of vegetables .
An animal is eating .
A woman puts a baby in a trash can .
Someone is sauteing onions in a skillet using a wooden spatula .
A girl is playing a flute .
A group of swimmers fall into a pool .
One boy is dieing and other boy is crying .
A little girl is dancing .
A person adds ingredients to a bowl of vegetables .
A cook cuts up some cauliflower .
Someone is blow-torching two cameras .
A man is laying in bed when he pulls the covers back and sits on the edge of the bed and then gets dressed .
a car is going backwards down a street .
A cat is meowing .
A woman is chopping a bullion cube .
A man pours gasoline .
Dough is being shape into pretzels .
A man is grating a raw peeled potato using a grater and putting it in a bowl of water .
A man lashes another man .
A man is making garlic bread .
A dog is running outside .
A person is slicing a tomato .
A little boy is playing piano .
A couple is walking together .
A cat is playing on a trampoline .
Foxes are eating from a plate .
A man is being pushed on a stretcher .
A person is slicing a capsicum .
A man is putting seasoning on several pieces of chicken .
The fish is being fried on both sides in oil and later served on a plate .
A man is typing .
A man puts noodles into a bowl .
A car is driving .
A woman adds ingredients to beef .
A car is attempting to climb a steep hill .
A group of girls are doing a dance routine on stage .
A woman is cooking meat in a wok .
A man and woman are kissing passionately .
A dog grabs a large stick with his teeth and runs off .
Men are fighting in a field .
A man is peeling a carrot .
A man is going into a room .
People throw a mannequin off a cliff .
The batsmen hits the ball for a home run
A man crashes a motorcycle in mud .
A man hit the split pins with his bowling ball .
A man is climbing a rope .
A woman cuts slots into a pork chop .
A person is cooking egg .
Two people are riding a mo-pad .
A man is chopping an onion .
A man is looking at a picture on his laptop .