someone is slicing a piece of raw fish into strips .
A man lifts weights .
A dog runs up stairs .
A cowboy pushes two pistols into another man's chest, and the other man moves the pistols higher and talks with his arms raised .
A man holds his hand in the air, while staring at an object .
Dwayne Wade does a fancy layup in an all-star game .
Two bear cubs are digging into dirt and plant matter at the base of a tree .
A cat appears to walk up a wall from floor to ceiling .
A young boy, standing on a couch, is singing into a microphone and playing the guitar .
a soccer player kicking a soccer ball to himself
A boy is playing guitar .
a man and woman riding in a car
A woman is sprinkling a white substance over various kinds of food .
A man is assembling a machine .
A person cutting raw meat .
Three young men are standing on stage playing guitars .
A man eats a piece of bread .
a person surfing a big wave
A man, driving down the street, is toting a woman on the back of his motorcycle .
A boy finds a Praying Mantis on a playground .
A boy wearing glasses is bending over a chair and screaming .
a group of people dancing
A woman dips a shrimp in batter .
A person cuts butter into a pile of flour .
A marching band plays in the woods .
A man is driving a car, and the man and woman passenger are smiling at each other .
A squirrel is eating a peanut in it's shell .
A girl rides a bicycle around a parking while other children watch .
A hedgehog is eating small round yellowish pieces of something off a wooden floor .
A man is cutting a cardboard plate with scissors .
A woman is slicing cabbage .
A woman sprinkles a white substance into a glass bowl of sliced cucumbers .
A man is doing algebraic equations on a white board .
A man cuts a long round green vegetable in half, then lengthwise, and scoops out the inside with a spoon .
a woman practicing a volleyball
A young man takes a six-pack of beer off a shelf and takes it to the counter where he turns and walks off with it .
A man is chopping a tree in the Forrest .
A man is taking Toaster Scrambles out of the package .
A man is performing on the electric guitar .
A large white dog sniffs a small yellow duck who then pecks the dog on his face .
A monkey is karate kicking at someone's gloved hand .
Someone pours water into a tomato sauce can, swishes it around, then pours the water into a kettle of chili .
A man is talking to another man .
A woman adds orange paste to flour .
a car traveling through the city
A man plays a guitar .
Ingredients are being mixed in a mixing bowl .
A woman is cutting shrimp lengthwise in half .
A man in a black cape causes a policeman to disappear and continues to walk after being shot several times by another man .
A man is cutting a thin piece of plywood in strips with a hunting knife .
A chef mixing food
Kevin Spacey bench pressing in a garage .
A dog is bouncing his front paws on a trampoline .
A person is slicing a shallot .
A kitten comes out of a cardboard box and runs into a paper tube .
A cat is playing and playing a turtle .
A cat playing in a box .
A dog runs and hides behind a tree .
Group of people are dancing .
A cook seasons some dough .
A man is juicing both halves of a lemon on a citrus juicer .
A woman is slicing a large cooked carrot into chunks .
A train slows down and stops .
Two boys are singing and dancing, one behind the other .
A man cutting carrots .
A lady is exercising .
A woman makes a huge bubble .
The lion is playing with the man .
A young man comes into a bedroom and throws a tantrum, slapping and hitting the bed covers .
A monkey is walking on water .
A woman is talking while applying eyeshadow .
A person melts butter on a pan .
A boy drinks from a water fountain .
The lady is cutting up parsley .
A lion jumps up and is hugged and petted by two long-haired men .
A polar bear is climbing down a rock cliff .
A woman riding a horse in the snow .
A woman is street walking her dog .
A group of young girls are dancing on stage .
A woman is cutting the stems and leaves of an herb into pieces .
Someone is chopping some kind of seafood and adding it to a salad mixture in a glass bowl .
A young woman puts eyeliner on  .
A black boar is running in the woods .
A man using a microwave
A woman slices a large fruit .
a baby picks up a phone .
A woman in a ski cap and sunglasses is riding in the back seat of a car talking on a cell phone .
Milk is being poured into a mixer .
Two roosters are fighting in a ring .
A person cuts a sock .
An older woman is cracking eggs .
A woman is dancing in rain .
A yellow train is speeding down a track .
A boy is singing in the street .
Someone holding a rack of ribs with tongs slices off a rib with a knife .
A man is window cleaning .
A man and woman are sitting at a tv newsdesk talking .
A woman is combining a mixture of mango pulp, condensed milk and whipped topping in a bowl using a hand whisk .
A woman is squeezing a lemon .
A boy picks up a large log with hand holds cut into it, and raises the log above his head .
A baby playing a guitar in a crib
An episode of "I Love Lucy" where Desi lights Lucy a cigarette .
A young woman does her eyebrow .
A boy is being chased by chickens .
A young girl is pushing a toy stroller in a store .
A choir is singing .
Someone is slicing a tomato with a serrated knife .
Someone is drawing on George Washington's face on a one dollar bill .
A guy is talking to another guy .
A woman cuts a small piece of rind off a lemon .
A boy is playing a guitar .
A woman chops up curd .
A woman is peeling a large shrimp in a glass bowl of water .
A woman sunbather takes sunglasses out of a dark bag and puts them on .
Each time a man karate kicks a mannequin he falls down, so he finally starts punching the mannequin with his fists until it falls .
A cat scratches a board in the sink .
Pink Floyd performing onstage and video .
A young man is hammering nails into a strip of wood with a camera .
A cooked bird is being cut .
people destroying a car
A man plays a guitar .
A man walking down the street singing is carrying suitcases on his head and a woman, with her arms around his neck, on his back .
A girl cuts the tip off a plastic icing squeeze tube with scissors .
A man is meditating when the scene flashes to a forest, then mountains, and then to a man sliding on ice .
Snow dogs are pulling sleds .
Two men are playing musical instruments .
A woman puts four okra in a pan of boiling water .
A man is breaking bricks with his foot .
A girl is skipping rope .
A man is blowing bubbles
A man dressed in a white robe and head gear picks up a man and throws him and then picks up a large board .
A man dressed as a cowboy quickly shoots various pistols and rifles .
A young man running down the stairs .
A man making sausage balls .
A woman applying eye shadow .
Someone is sauteing a minced substance in a wok using chopsticks .
A motorcyclist is doing donuts with his motorcycle .
A man, accompanied by a band, is singing into a microphone and playing a guitar .
A cat mimics a boxing match on television .
A man driving a car runs into the side of a parked car in a parking lot .
Someone is peeling a potato with a peeler .
A man is being interviewed .
A squirrel is moving in circles .
A lady cooking meat in a pan
A man leaps up into the air and turns with his leg extended and lands in a squat on both feet .
A boy falls down and two other boys with surprised looks assist him up .
A man is doing a wheelie on a motorcycle as he drives in circles .
A man is cutting leaves .
A man wearing glasses and a suit is standing and talking in front of a huge bookshelf .
A young boy playing guitar
A girl and a boy are eating their food .
Two men appear to be fighting or wrestling .
A man is talking on a cell phone .
A basket ball player does a hook shot on his opponent .
A person is cutting a fish .
A girl riding a bicycle along the beach .
A whisk mixing an ingredient in a bowl .
A man is chopping an onion .
A man in a black and yellow costume chops a chicken in half with an axe .
A tortoise chases fish in the ocean .
A piece of chicken is being torn apart .
A chef seasons a game bird .
A man is dancing among a group of women dancers in costumes .
Someone pours sugar from a bowl into a pan containing a rice mixture .
A man is rolling dough .
A person cutting a up a onion
Two girls are talking back and forth on cell phones .
A man appears to be draining water off of pasta in a rectangular plastic container into a sink .
A boy and woman are tossing a pumpkin .
A woman is lying on a blanket on a rock and reading a book .
A . .man . .plays . . .a . .guitar .
Someone is sprinkling cheese on toasted slices of French bread .
A monkey is sitting on carpet scratching itself .
A woman dials a cell phone .
A man is putting butter into a bowl .
A girl carrying books is walking down the street when a man in a jeep stops to talk to her .
A girl combs her hair .
A person is frying .
A man is playing a guitar .
A woman being scratched by an ape while interviewing .
A puppy is walking down the staircase .
Two women are reclining on a couch talking, one woman with her arm around the other .
A cat stares out of the window .
A ballerina dances on a stage .
A man playing the accordion .
a girl making her hair in a mirror
A woman is coating vegetables in a bowl of flour then frying them in a kettle using chopsticks .
A woman is riding a horse inside a track .
A toy train is going around .
Someone is rolling dough into balls with their hands .
A man spreads butter on a flour tortilla with a case knife .
A woman cracks an egg into a small glass bowl .
A man riding a street bike around a turn .
A man with headphones slides down an esculator .
A guitar is played .
A young man is dancing alone .
a man cutting the grass
Someone is cutting cooked chicken into bite-sized pieces .
A toddler is riding a horse .
A man is sitting cross legged playing a wooden flute .
A black pet cat is walking in the house .
A group of people sing Christmas carols .
The couple is kissing .
A man is riding a horse .
A frog attacks someone's finger .
A cat is on a sofa .
A woman reading a paper .
A bus is being driven down a street with a group of people sitting on it's roof and hanging off the back .
A man pours red sauce from a pitcher onto a plate of pasta .
A woman puts water into a pot .
A keyboard is being played .
Ingredients are shown being mixed .
A person riding a mechanical bull
A man slices through a two liter plastic bottle of soda pop with a sword .
A long-eared animal with a long tail is hopping .
Kids are eating burgers in a kitchen .
A girl is singing .
A man karate chops multiple boards while another man watches .
A man who is crying goes up to another man who appears to sympathize .
A man appears to be fixing some metal object, when a hammer lying on the ground flies up and hits him on his gloved hand .
Two women in two piece bathing suits wrestle .
Someone is stirring a salad mixture in a large metal bowl .
A woman is cutting a vegetable .
A man is riding a motorized bike .
a man is peeling an apple
A person is folding a piece of paper .
A woman dances in front of a fire .
A boy jumping on a pogo stick is pushed off by another boy .
A baby sneezes .
A girl is chopping up a potato .
A man throw a brick at a man on the ground .
A man is running .
A Batman & Robin movie clip of them in a helicopter .
A baby panda goes down a slide .
A man sells goods in store .
A police-man is trying to check someone car .
A baby is singing .
A group of deer are crossing a road .
A man is carrying a large tree limb in the woods .
A guy is playing guitar .
A demonstration of a recipe is being shown .
Men are playing cricket .
Someone is sewing quilt squares on a sewing machine .
Several images of rugby players are passing the ball to each other .
A man is playing an electric keyboard .
A man plays a violin on the roof of a house .
A woman slices a piece of meat into strips on a cutting board .
A apple being peeled on a cutting board .
A driver crashes out of a parking spot .
A person pealing potatoes
Two girls are dancing .
A young woman is dancing in a cage .
Some kind of animal is sniffing at a plastic container of something .
A woman cuts a potato in thin slices .
A cat staring into the camera meows .
Someone, standing at a sink, is peeling raw shrimp with their fingers and putting the peels in a small plastic container .
A man in a suit and sunglasses is sitting and smoking a thin cigar, and the smoke is swirling behind his head .
Two lions, seated on a couch, are watching animals on a television .
A tiger runs out of the jungle .
A soccer team practicing drills .
A woman cuts a green bell pepper in half, removes the seeds, and cuts it into chunks .
Two guys in a night club
a man falling down in the street
A young woman is applying brownish-gold eyeshadow to her eyelid with a brush .
A woman is dancing by a large tree in the rain .
motocross bikers racing in a street race
A man rides a bicycle .
Many raccoon looking animals are huddled in a group .
Someone is peeling an onion that was cut in half .
A yellow train is speeding down a track .
A woman peels a small onion or garlic clove with her fingers and then cuts it with a knife .
A woman sits down, opens a can of soft drink, and takes a drink .
Two elephants are spraying water on themselves with their trunks .
The people picked rice in the rice field .
Someone is removing the seeds from a green pepper .
A person driving a car backs up .
A woman is cutting the peel off a potato with a large knife .
A man crashes on his motorcycle .
A woman adds diced onion pieces into a skillet of cooked ground meat .
A woman is stirring rice in a glass bowl with a plastic spoon .
Marlon Wayons serving food at an event .
A young boy is cleaning a wood floor with a sweeper .
A man places a rectangular plastic container of pasta into a microwave oven .
A fox or dog wags its tail and smiles .
A group of women do a tribal dance .
A woman dances in the rain out side .
A woman is slicing tofu into strips .
A man is slicing a loaf of bread with a knife .
A man is holding up and talking about a gray You Tube T-shirt .
A woman is cutting pieces from a cake .
A girl riding a horse .
A man is riding a horse by some water and a woman's head comes out of the water .
A cat is eating food .
Four people in surgical masks are operating on a man .
Eight men are running a race on a track .
A man is mowing the grass with a lawn mower .
A man is kicking, hitting, and breaking multiple clay pots hanging down from ropes on trees .
Someone is stir-frying a ground substance in a wok .
A newscaster is paddling in a boat .
A monkey is brushing the hair of a large white dog .
A chef cooking food
A group of turtles crawls across the sand .
Someone is dicing a potato slice into very small pieces with a knife .
A boy is beating other boy by stick .
Eggs are being prepared for a meal .
Two teams of men are playing soccer on a grass field .
A man chops cucumbers .
People are disembarking from a train .
Someone seasons rice in a skillet with a white substance, and another person stirs the mixture with a spatula .
A man is doing motorcycle tricks .
A baby snow leopard sitting in front of an adult snow leopard runs off .
A man is felling a tree .
a man playing football
Two men each take a turn playing chess when a third man scoots the chess pieces with his hand .
One man is riding a horse in a field .
A woman is stepping side to side .
Someone pours chopped onions in a skillet and sautes them .
A man is making a call on his mobile .
A baby is laughing .
A man and a woman are kissing .
A boy is calling another to pass football .
A woman is making cuts into the fatty areas of a pork chop .
A man emerges out of a puddle of muddy water .
A dog barks at a walking electronic chicken .
A group of boys are dancing .
A man is lifting the rear end of a blue truck up and down .
A big ball bounces over a nut .
A man shoots two different guns .
A boy is playing a guitar and other boy is listing to its .
Someone is stirring a milky white rice mixture in a kettle with a wooden spoon .
A man getting face painted by a woman artist
A woman is dancing .
The men are running a race .
a person cutting up a fruit
A person practices a foul shot in the gym, and makes it!
A girl is chasing around an older girl, trying to swat her with a piece of clothing .
A fishing is chasing a boy .
The person is dicing onions .
A man is chopping onions .
A man in a loosing attempt to hitchhike .
A man in a gorilla suit plays a bongo in a shopping center .
A chef cutting banana bread
A man is spinning in a chair .
A man is crawling with a ice cream cone in hand .
A man holding an umbrella has jumped a hurdle and a wall .
A boy is skateboarding in a busy city area .
An omelet is being cooked in a pan .
a baby playing in the living room
A cat jumps frantically in the air .
Someone is slicing a red bell pepper into strips .
Paper is being ripped apart .
The man used a hammer to hit his hand .
A man pours pasta on a plate from a rectangular plastic container .
Someone is dicing an onion with a large knife .
Women, with numbers on their backs, are skating in a roller derby .
The man poured vegetables into the broth .
A woman is peeling a potato with a peeler .
a woman climbing a mountain
Someone is slicing two uncooked racks of ribs apart .
Someone is squirting a brown sauce into a bowl of cooked  meat and vegetables .
A woman is riding a horse .
A woman fries shrimp in a skillet with tongs, and then pours the shrimp out onto something .
A basket ball player does a left handed lay-up .
A woman prepares her cup of coffee .
a person writing opening a package
a person cutting up vegatables
A man breaks an apple in half with his hands .
A man dips a fork into spaghetti in a bowl .
Four men are fighting and one man throws an armed man over his shoulder onto the ground .
A bird plays dead,until it's owner commands it to get up .
A monkey is sitting in a car .
A lion is licking his chops .
A man is eating a banana .
A cat playing the piano .
A man dives into the pool .
Two women are sitting on a couch knitting .
Someone appears to be trying to cut into a store-wrapped tube of frozen meat with a knife .
A couple dancing together .
A woman is cutting a slab of raw bacon strips in half .
A young man drinks down a fish in a glass of water .
A dog is staring and wagging it's tail .
A woman is dicing celery .
A man is spreading butter on a split half loaf of bread .
a kid falling out a bike
A man in the woods is dragging a deer behind him with a rope .
A man is instructing or describing a woman who is exercising .
A man slicing butter into a bowl .
A group of couples are dancing in an event .
a white cat licking his tongue
A lady is talking and washing her hands .
A cat rubs up against an infant
A man is cutting bread .
A man and a woman are sitting down eating with forks .
A diapered baby is standing holding onto a coffee table and dancing, trying to mimic the three women he is watching dance on television .
Garlic is being processed into a bowl .
Someone is shredding cabbage leaves with a knife .
A badger climbs out of a hole and walks down a path .
Two pandas are snuggling .
A man is playing a ukulele .
A cartoon bunny kisses another bunny .
A man cuts a slab of meat .
A gerbil is getting washed .
A large dog gets something out of a refrigerator .
A blond woman in a slinky gown is dancing .
A woman is skinning a piece of fish with her fingers .
A man pours something from a can into a white bowl .
A boy is playing a cello .
The person is pouring coconut water .
Someone pours to kinds of beans from bowls into a kettle of chili .
Someone is feeding a red panda cub out of the palm of his hand .
a man cutting up a fruit
A man is walking down a stone path .
A boy rides a bike on a fence .
A man adds some salt and black pepper powder to a bowl containing poultry seasoning and mixes the three ingredients with a spoon .
A baby monkey is eating .
Three white lion cubs sniff each other .
A bunch of raccoons are eating peanuts .
A small puppy wagging it's tail .
A dog running down a road runs into a brick mailbox .
A cat is trying to use it's mouth and paws to get a small plastic bottle someone is holding .
A man is swinging on a rope .
A phone is off the hook, and a bird appears to be dialing it with it's beak .
A person is playing the keyboard .
A man is slicing through a piece of carpet with a hunting knife .
A carrot being sliced and diced .
A man seated on a park bench is rocking a woman seated on his lap .
A group is playing musical instruments .
A man is adding spices on a bread .
A woman seasons green peas in a small glass bowl .
A soccer player arguing with a referee .
Two animals are eating what appears to be apple slices from a pan within a cage .
a  dog running with a ball in his mouth
A cartoon of a woman flipping a pancake .
A woman stirs beef in a bowl .
A woman wearing a headset is singing into a large microphone .
Using a knife, a man cuts through a row of bottles that are full of water .
Two men are playing table tennis in front of an audience .
A man is standing outdoors on the edge of a parking lot speaking into a microphone while a red banner is displayed across his chest reading "Manchester Fox Ct Morning News"
Someone is slicing bread into slices .
Someone is seasoning a pork chop .
A group of people create a human pyramid .
Someone seasons and coats two large shrimp in a glass bowl .
Someone pours tomato sauce from a can into a saucepan and stirs with a wooden spoon .
A car stops to pick up a hitchhiker .
There is a view of a pilot in the cockpit of a jet airplane and then the scene switches to a view of exterior of the jet flying .
Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges .
A bucket of green slime is poured on top of a woman's head .
Someone is pouring oil from a plastic bottle into a skillet .
A woman is slicing and cutting meat .
Someone is chopping up roundish white objects into small pieces with a large knife .
A woman is picking up a reptile .
A man is playing the key board .
A man shoots at a target .
A chef pours oil into a pot .
A cat sitting on the back edge of a couch jumps up and is rotated around a ceiling fan then tossed off .
A young man is playing a guitar .
A polar bear is running on a strip of land in the ocean and appears to be chasing off many walruses .
A man is skateboarding on a half pipe and he tries to do a flip and fails .
Children are dancing .
a boy playing with two frogs
A boy is throwing balls .
A woman unsuccesfully attempts to change a flat tire .
Someone is seasoning sausage in a saucepan .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is talking and eating spaghetti off a plate with a fork .
Two short cowboys are restrained from fighting by a tall, thin man .
A puppy is doing the moonwalk .
A spaceship is landing .
a dear hopping a fence
A group of women in bikinis are synchronized dancing .
A man playing drums .
A monkey is playing drums .
a cat walking through grass
A man is wiping off the edge of a bowl filled with food with a paper towel .
Two cars racing on a track slide around the curves .
A man is riding a bicycle on the grass in the rain .
A man is playing a guitar .
A dog is riding a skateboard down the street .
A lemur is holding up it's arms and someone is scratching him .
A cat, sitting on a piano bench, is laying his head on the piano keys and playing the piano with one paw .
A dog slides into a pool .
A man is putting cooked chicken wings in a plastic container .
A person cooks chopped onions .
Someone is slicing raw meat into strips .
A man breaks a slab of concrete in half that is lying on top of a prone man .
A boy is dribbling a soccer ball at a show .
A man cuts a half of an onion into two quarters .
A chef a cooking meat
A girl is doing tricks with a butterfly knife .
a man preparing rice balls
A woman is standing behind a cat in a dress holding and waving the cat's paws .
A hamster is eating nuts or seeds .
A man is kneading dough .
Someone is pouring tomato sauce from a can into a saucepan containing meat pieces .
A boy is singing into a mic .
A person adds strawberries to a cake .
A woman is rolling out dough on a floured surface with a large wooden rolling pin .
A woman wraps tofu in a white cloth and turns folded side down in a metal pan .
A toddler waters plants with a water gun .
A man holding a guitar is petting two dogs .
Someone is deep frying shrimp on sticks in a large saucepan .
Someone is typing on a stenography machine .
A person typing on his or her lap top .
Two women are slicing some lemons .
A cat is going to the bathroom in a toliet .
A woman pours something out of a cloth covered bottle after uncorking the bottle .
A woman is putting sticks lengthwise into large pieces of uncooked shrimp .
A baby is drinking at the table .
Several boys are playing football in a fenced in area .
A boy runs up to kick a soccer ball but misses the ball and falls down on the other side of it .
The ladies danced in costume .
A woman is tapping her nails .
A man rolling out dough .
a man talking to a reporter
Women are using a blender .
The man shot his gun .
An extremely muscled man lifts a barbell with his right hand .
Someone pours water into a kettle from a glass measuring cup .
A cat standing on it's hind legs is batting it's paws and fighting with a large black dog .
A little girl imitates a dance video .
A girl dives into a lake .
A person is playing the keyboard .
Someone is slicing a piece of yellow vegetable or fruit with a green rind .
A man wearing rubber gloves holds a hunting knife perpendicular on a piece of wood and hammers the blade with a wooden stick .
A man being interviewed at a park event .
A woman picks up a cookie sheet filled with what looks like some kind of pastry and she places it in an oven .
A girl is slicing onion
A chef slices a potato .
A cat and a ferret are playing .
A woman is putting on lipstick with a brush and talking .
a flight instructor attempts pulling a plane .
A white cat is lying on it's back, and a man is brushing it's hair .
A panda is sitting eating some kind of plant matter .
Two men are boxing .
A woman pours zucchini pieces into a curried rice mixture in a skillet and stirs with a wooden spoon .
Someone is doing a card trick, where the card changes each time he runs his hand across the deck .
A man in a construction hat is dancing while two other seated men watch .
A rocket in the sky is hit by lightening and explodes .
A man slices a tomato in half with a paring knife .
A drill sergeant is voicing over his troops .
Two young boys are playing together .
A woman places a piece of raw fish on a small grill .
A little child is walking in a corridor .
Someone is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush under the running water from a faucet at a sink .
A girl is riding a horse bareback .
A tiger is walking around in an enclosure .
a man shooting a gun
Children on a playground flee when it rains .
A baby is laughing in a high chair .
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing .
A man pours sugar in his coffee and drinks it .
A man is holding a little toad .
A duck runs after a man and bites him on the behind .
A cyclist pedals around a track .
A kid is playing violin .
A man is playing a guitar .
Someone slices the end off a red onion with a cleaver .
A person is drawing .
A person pours a liquid into a spoon .
Someone pours chopped vegetables into a kettle .
A cat retrieves an object out of a dish of water .
A man is tilling a field with a roto-tiller .
A man is talking to a woman .
A cat hops over a gate .
The man is holding a plastic bag and putting chicken inside .
Toys are floating in a bathtub .
A man is exercising .
A teenage girl shakes her head after hanging up a phone .
A lemur is sitting on the ground looking around .
Someone pours tomato sauce from a can into a kettle containing vegetables and meat .
A shirtless man is climbing up a rope suspended from the ceiling .
A woman is chopping a red bell pepper into small pieces .
A woman is placing oil in a pan .
A woman hoeing the ground removes something from her foot .
A man playing drums .
Someone stirs chopped vegetables in a kettle with a wooden spatula .
A raccoon-like animal is sitting on a towel eating something .
A woman carrying a baby puts him in a garbage can .
The man is browning onions .
A female sits in a chair and plays an instrument .
A group of men dive into the pool at the same time .
A woman appears to be hit by lightening and is bleeding at the mouth, and a crying man holds her prone body as they talk to each other .
A small baby is dancing .
Someone puts two measuring spoonfuls of something from a jar into a kettle of vegetables .
A piece of garlic is being chopped .
Someone is burning the tops of two cameras with a torch .
A young man lying in bed sits up on the side of the bed .
A car drives backwards while trying to escape the police .
A cat in a cage is angrily meowing at something .
A woman cuts up food, and adds food to a pan .
The man is pouring fuel on the flag .
A man is making bretzels out of thin strips of dough and placing them on the counter table .
A cook making a cheese dish
One man is beating another man tied to a pole with a strap .
Spreading butter on a roll
A white dog is running down the sidewalk .
Someone wearing blue rubber gloves is slicing a tomato with a large knife .
A boy is playing a grand piano .
A couple walks through the jungle .
A cat playing on a trampoline .
Animals are eating food .
A woman is being rolled on a gurney, with monitors attached, by a woman and a man .
Someone is cutting red bell peppers into thin slices .
Chicken is being season .
A fish is being fried in a pan .
a person hands typing on a computer
A man pours cooked pasta from a plastic container into a bowl .
A car being driven .
A woman pours a sauce and some minced substance into a glass bowl containing meat .
A stunt car is being driven uphill .
four girls are dancing onstage .
Meat is being cooked in a wok .
A man and a woman are kissing while standing .
A dog picks up a huge stick .
Kids karate fight .
A man is peeling a carrot .
A man enters a room .
A mannequin is tossed away .
A baseball player hits a baseball .
A man riding a motor bike than sliding in a puddle .
A man does a split in a bowling tournament .
A man is climbing up a knotted rope suspended from the ceiling, when the scene flashes to the same man splashing water on his face from an outdoor container .
A woman is cutting into the fatty areas of a pork chop .
A woman is cooking a egg mixture in a deep skillet using chopsticks .
A man is riding a motorcycle with a woman riding behind him as a passenger .
A person is dicing an onion .
a guy typing on a computer