A person is cutting a meat into pieces .
A boy is lifting weights .
A dog running up the stairs .
A man points two pistols at another man .
A man extends his hand .
A basketball player makes a shot .
A man is watching two bear cubs digging .
A cat jumps up a wall .
A baby is playing a guitar .
A man is kicking a soccer ball back and forth .
A boy sits on a bed, sings and plays a guitar .
A woman and man are riding in a car .
A woman is sprinkling seasoning over a plate of fish and over a plate of vegetables .
A mechanic is joining tools .
A man trims a big haunch of beef .
Men are playing guitars .
A man is eating a food .
A person is surfing a large wave .
A man and woman are riding a motorcycle .
A boy is looking  a grass-hoper .
A boy is leaning over the back of a chair and screaming .
a group of men are dancing in front of an airplane .
A woman is dipping a piece of fish into some batter .
A woman cuts and mixes butter into flour .
A band of four people are playing different intsruments .
Two young people are riding in a car laughing .
A chipmunk is eating a nut .
A girl is riding a bicycle .
A hedgehog is eating a trail of crumbs .
A man is cutting a paper dish by a scissors .
A woman is chopping cabbage with a knife .
A person is salting sliced cucumbers .
A man does math equations on a board .
A man cuts a cucumber in half and then scoops out the middle .
A woman is hitting volleyballs over a net .
A man is shopping drink bottles .
A man is chopping a tree down .
A man opens a package of Toaster Scrambles .
A man is playing an electric guitar .
A dog and a baby duck are checking each other out .
A chimpanzee and a man are practicing karate .
A person pours water into a pot .
A man talks to another man .
A woman is mixing a yolk into a dough mixture .
A red colored bus travels down a road in the city .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man mixes a baking mixture .
A woman is splitting a prawn with a knife .
A man wearing a black cape is walking toward a group of people and a man in the group is shooting at him with a pistol .
A man uses a knife to cut pieces off of a square of thick leather .
A man whisked the solution .
A man is lifting weights in a garage .
A dog is jumping on a jumper .
A shallot it being cut .
A kitten is going into a box .
A small turtle is inspecting a cat .
A cat is hiding in a box .
A dog barks at something and then runs and hides behind a tree .
A large crowd of people pressed closely together are dancing .
A man is sprinkling bread dough with spices .
A man is squeezing the juice out of a whole lemon .
A woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife .
A train is going down the tracks and then slowly stops .
Two boys are dancing .
A man cuts up carrots .
A woman holding a black object on her shoulder is exercising .
A woman in a garden is making a large bubble with a stick having attached strings .
A lion is licking a man .
A man walks into a room and starts flailing the bed .
A monkey is walking through water .
A woman applies eye makeup .
A Cheese cub is melting in the pan .
A boy is drinking from a water fountain .
A woman is cutting a leafy green plant into small pieces .
Two men play with a lion .
A polar bear is climbing on rocks .
A girl is riding a horse .
A lady took her dog for a walk .
A group of pre-teen girls practicing a dance routine .
A woman is chopping coriander .
A chef is slicing an octopus arm .
A girl is applying eye makeup .
A pig is running in the wood .
A man is operating a microwave .
A mango is sliced .
A baby hangs up a phone .
A woman is talking on a mobile .
A person pours milk into a blender .
The crowd of people are watching a cockfight .
A man is cutting off the top portion of a sock .
An old lady is adding an egg into the bowl .
A girl is dancing along side of a train .
A train is passing on the railway-track .
A man is walking and singing .
A person is cutting a meat .
A man is cleaning a glass door .
Two people are telling the news .
A man uses egg beaters to prepare a mixture .
A chef squeezes juice from a lemon .
A young boy lifts a large piece of wood .
A boy is playing a guitar .
A man is lighting a woman's cigarette .
A girl is plucking her eyebrows .
A boy is running .
A kid pushes a stroller .
A choir sings a song .
A person is slicing a tomato into slices .
A person is drawing on a dollar note .
A man gives another man the finger .
A woman is slicing a peel of yellow lemon .
A man is playing guitar .
A man is chopping scallions .
A woman is peeling the shell from shrimp .
A woman is wearing a glasses .
A man fights a dummy and loses .
A cat is pawing a white board in a bathtub .
A man is playing the guitar and singing .
A man hammers a nail with a camera .
chopping meat
The men are vandalizing the car .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is carrying a suitcase on his head and woman on his back .
A girl cuts a piece of wax paper .
A man is sitting cross legged on the ground meditating .
Dogs are pulling a sled .
A man is playing a guitar .
Someone is cooking okra in a pan .
A man is doing karate .
A girl is jumping rope .
Man play trics with soap balloons .
Man is anger and throwing stuffs .
A man is shooting multiple guns .
A man is running down a flight of stairs .
A man is preparing some dish .
A woman is applying blue costmetics to her eyelid .
A chef sautes garlic in a pan .
A man is performing stunts with his motor bike .
John Denver is on stage playing a guitar and singing .
A cat emulates a boxing match on TV .
A man is driving a car .
a man ia peeling a potato .
A man is being interviewed by the press .
A squirrel is rotating repeatedly .
A woman is placing meat in a frying pan .
A boy is jumping in the air .
A boy who has fallen is helped up by two other boys .
A man is riding his motorcycle in a circle while doing a wheelie .
A man is cutting coriander leaves from it's stem .
A man is speaking .
A boy is playing guitar .
Tow ladies ate a hamburger in a booth .
Two men are fighting with each other .
A man is talking on a phone .
A basketball player evades defense and scores a goal .
A fish is sliced and beheaded .
A girl is riding a bicycle on a road near a beach .
A whisk is spinning in a bowl .
A onion being sliced and diced .
A man slices a chicken in half dressed as scorpion .
A turtle is swimming underwater near the floor of a body of water .
A woman is separating chicken .
A man seasoning quail .
People are dancing .
A person is adding sugar in the pan .
A man is making bagels .
A onion is being chopped .
Women are talking on the phone .
A man is straining pasta .
A woman and child is tossing a pumpkin to each other .
A girl is reading a book in the wood .
A man is playing a guitar on a stage .
A man puts parmesan cheese on slices of bread .
A money is scratching it's arm .
A woman making a call with her touch screen mobile .
A man puts a stick of butter in a bowl .
A woman is walking along a road and a man in a motorcar pulls up beside her .
A woman brushes her hair .
A chef is frying shrimp .
A man is playing a guitar .
A gorilla plays a prank on a woman .
A puppy is going down stairs .
Two women are sitting together in a chair .
A cat is looking out a window .
A ballerina is performing on a stage .
A man is playing keyboard .
A girl is putting her hair into a clip .
A woman is coating a small piece of something in batter and is deep frying it .
A woman is riding a horse .
A train set is active .
A chef is rolling dough .
A man spreads butter on a tortilla .
A woman breaks an egg into a bowl .
A man is racing with his bike .
A man is sliding down an escalator rail .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is dancing .
A man is moving a lawn .
A chef is cutting pieces of chicken .
A young child is shown riding a horse .
A boy is sitting cross legged playing a wooden flute .
A cat is walking around a house .
A group of people are singing a Christmas song .
A couple are kissing each other .
A man rides a horse .
A frog bites a person's finger .
A cat crawls forth from a couch crease .
A girl is reading a magazine .
People are traveling on a bus .
A man pours tomato sauce on spaghetti .
A girl is filling a pot with tap water .
A man is playing piano .
A man is mixing some flour .
A man is riding a mechanical bull .
A man uses a sword to cut a two liter plastic bottle in half .
A mouse is eating .
Kids are eating burgers .
A woman is walking across a stage holding a microphone and singing .
A man karate chops several cinder blocks .
Two men are talking to each other .
A man is working on some kind of flanged piece of metal when a hammer that is laying on the ground rises up and hits his hand .
Two women are fighting .
Someone is using a spatula to stir the contents of a metal bowl .
A man is slicing a potato into thin slices .
A man is driving a moped down the street .
A vegetable is being cut .
A person folds a yellow piece of paper .
A woman dances by a bonfire .
A boy is jumping on a pogo stick when another boy walks over and shoves him down .
A baby is sneezing and other baby is afraid .
A woman is chopping a peeled potato into slices .
A man gets struck in the head with a brick .
A man is running down a street .
A helicopter is flying over the sea .
A baby panda slides down into the snow .
A man is opening a cash register while customers purchase items .
A police man is shouting and pointing a gun to a car driver .
A kid in a bathtub talks .
A group of deers are crossing road .
A man is moving a fallen branch out of a pathway in a wooded area .
A man is playing a guitar .
A person is forming a wad out of a mixture in a bowl .
In a cricket match the batsman hits the ball when it's thrown to him .
A woman is sewing on a machine .
Boys are playing a rugby on the ground .
Someone is playing a piano keyboard .
A man is on a roof dancing .
A woman is slicing a meat into pieces .
A man is peeling an apple over a cutting board .
A car drives into a building .
A man is peeling a potato .
Two girls are dancing .
A girl is dancing .
An animal is inspecting a container .
A woman is cutting a pickle into thin slices .
A cat is looking into the camera and opening it's mouth .
A man is taking the shells off of some shrimp .
A man in a suit is sitting in a chair smoking a cigar .
Two lions are sitting on a sofa watching tv .
A tiger is running in slow motion .
A soccer game is being played .
A woman is slicing a capsicum into pieces .
Eddie Murphy and Arsenio Hall walk through a nightclub .
A man falls down in the street .
A woman is making an eye-shadow .
A woman is dancing in the rain .
Motorcyclists are racing on a track .
A man is riding a bicycle .
A number of furry striped tail animals are huddled together in a tight group .
A chef peels an onion .
Yellow passenger train is speeding down the track .
A woman is peeling the outer skin off of a small onion .
A woman is drinking a drink .
Elephants are bathing .
A group of Japanese farmers are planting rice crops in a field .
A man cut a bell pepper in half and cleaned out the seeds .
A car is backing up on the road .
A woman is peeling a potato .
Someone had a bike accident .
Someone is putting a bowl of diced potatoes into a skillet containing diced pieces of meat .
A woman is using a spoon to stir the ingredients of a bowl .
A man is serving several guests .
A boy is vacuuming .
A man places a rectangular plastic container into a microwave oven .
A dog wagging its tail .
A group of women are dancing .
A woman dances in the rain .
A woman is slicing tofu .
A man is slicing bread .
A man is showing a t-shirt .
A woman is cutting a cake .
A woman riding a horse .
A man with a bow and a quiver of arrows is riding a horse near a small body of water .
A kitten is eating its food from a plate .
A group of doctors wearing surgical garb are working on a man .
Several runners are at a starting mark and on a signal they sprint to the finish line .
A man is mowing his lawn .
A man is breaking pots .
A person is cooking beef .
A woman is being broadcast as she canoes down a flooded street .
A chimp is brushing a dog .
A chef prepared a meal .
Baby turtles are crawling across a beach .
Someone is dicing a pickle into very tiny pieces .
A boy whacks a man with a sword .
A person cracks two eggs and whisks them .
Men are playing a football .
A chef slices and dices a celery stick .
People are exiting a subway train .
A chef stirs a pot of food .
A boy is riding a bike while standing on it .
Two leopards are sitting together .
A man is cutting wood with axe .
playing with basket ball .
Two men are playing chess when a third man who had been watching reaches out and moves the pieces on the board .
A person is riding a horse .
A girl is exercising .
A chef is sauteing diced onions .
A man is making a phone call .
A baby is smiling .
A man and woman are kissing .
A boy standing on one side of a fence is signaling another boy standing on the other side of the fence to kick the football .
A woman is slicing into a steak .
A man is coming out into the water .
A dog is barking at a toy duck .
Boys are dancing in front of people .
A man is trying to pick a car up .
A ball knocks down a potato .
A man is firing a gun .
A man is playing a guitar .
A person is stirring liquid .
A woman applies Joker makeup to a man's face .
A woman dances while sitting on the stairs .
A group of men race down a track .
A person peels an orange object .
A basketball player is scoring a basket from the free throw area .
A young girl is chasing an older girl around in a room swinging a towel at her .
A little boy has a fishing rod in his hand with a fish on the end of the line and he's running around in a circle .
A woman is slicing an onion into pieces .
A man is shredding a piece of cabbage using a processor .
A man hitchhikes on the side of the road .
A gorilla runs through a store and begins banging on a couple of drums .
A man is serving cake .
A boy is talking on the phone .
A man holding a cone ice-cream and crawling on all fours on a pavement lies down at one corner .
A man is jumping over the obstacles .
A guy is riding a skateboard .
A man scrambles eggs with tomatoes .
A baby is dancing to a song being sung .
A cat is chasing a ball .
A woman is slicing a capsicum into slice .
A man is cutting a paper by hands .
A man injures his hand with a hammer .
A man dumps spaghetti out of a plastic container and onto a plate .
A chef is slicing an onion .
A group of women are roller skating around a circular track .
A person puts vegetables into a pot .
A woman is peeling a potato with a peeler .
A woman climbs a rock wall .
Someone is trimming meat off of a rack of ribs .
A chef pours sauce over a dish .
A horse is being riden .
A woman is cooking a skillet filled with shrimp .
A basketball player basketting the ball .
A person is pouring coffee into a blue mug .
A man cuts open a sealed package and uncovers a brand new headset pack .
A man is finely chopping some garlic pods after smashing them initially with the flat portion of a knife .
A man is cutting apple by his hand .
A man is eating a food .
Two men are holding a man at gunpoint when a fourth man sneaks up and attacks one of the two .
A parrot lies on the floor, and quicklz stands up
A monkey is riding in the car .
A lion is laying in the grass .
A man eats a banana .
A cat is playing a key board .
A man is diving in the swimming-pool .
One girl is knitting while another girl is talking to her .
A person slices a bag of ground beef .
A man and a woman are holding each other and gently rocking as she sings a song and he whistles a tune .
A woman is cutting a meat .
A boy drinks a glass of water with a fish in it and swallows the fish .
A dog barks and wags his tail .
A lady is chopping celery .
A man is buttering some french bread .
A boy fell off a ledge .
A man in an orange vest is dragging a dead deer through the woods .
A man is teaching exercise to a girl .
A man is chopping butter into a container .
A group of couples are dancing .
A cat is licking its lips .
A woman is talking and washing her hands .
A cat is nuzzling a baby .
A man is slicing a big bread into same size pieces .
A man is eating his food .
A baby is dancing .
A person removes the root of garlic .
A chef is chopping lettuce .
A badger emerges from behind a mound of mud and walks on the grassy ground ahead .
A small panda is laying close to a larger panda .
A man is sitting on the street playing a ukulele .
A cartoon rabbit kisses another rabbit .
A man is cutting a piece of meat .
Someone is washing a small rodent looking animal in an aluminum pan .
A refrigerator door is standing open and a dog is getting something out of the refrigerator .
A blond in a tight outfit is doing a sultry dance .
A woman is breaking a fish on a plate into pieces .
A man is opening a tin by hands .
A boy plays the cello .
A person is adding a coconut water into the bowl .
Someone pours a bowl of beans into a pan of chili .
A red panda is eating .
A man is cutting an eggplant .
A man is walking .
A boy is riding a bicycle on a gate .
A man is putting seasoning in a cup .
A miniature monkey eats .
Baby lions are interacting with each other .
A group of raccoons eat peanuts from the ground .
A puppy is trying to come out from the sink .
A dog runs into a brick wall .
Someone is holding a small plastic bottle up to a cats nose and the cat is sniffing at it .
A man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling .
A bird is dialing a phone .
A man is playing a key-board .
A man is cutting a mat .
A woman is slicing some carrot
A man is cuddling a woman .
A group of violinists are playing .
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices .
A chef puts salt on some peas .
A football player is misbehaving with referee .
Two baby sloths are eating food .
A dog is playing with a ball .
A cartoon woman is flipping a pancake in a skillet .
A person is mixing a batch of beef in a bowl .
A woman is singing a song .
A man is cutting a row of bottles .
Two men are playing table-tennis .
A TV reporter is reporting a shootout .
A person is slicing a bread pieces .
A chef is spicing a pork chop .
Peoples are climbing over others .
A woman seasons shrimp in a bowl .
A man is pouring a souse into the pan .
A man in a costume is hitch hiking .
A pilot is flying a jet in the sky .
A man pours oil onto sliced tomatoes .
A girl has slime dumped on her .
A person is adding oil in the pan .
A person is cutting a meat .
A chef is dicing a garlic clove .
A lizard is placed in a box .
A man is playing a keyboard .
A metal target is barraged with bullets .
A man is pouring a liquid into a pan .
A cat gets caught on a fan .
A man is playing a guitar .
A polar bear is running towards a group of walruses .
A man does tricks on a skateboard .
Children are dancing .
A frog bites on a finger .
A boy is throwing tennis balls at another boy .
A woman is changing a tire .
A man seasons meat in a pot .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is taking a bite of spaghetti from a plate he's holding in one hand .
Two dwarfs are fighting .
A puppy is pushing itself backwards .
The space shuttle flies high above the earth .
A deer is jumping a fence .
A group of women wearing bikini's are dancing .
A guy is playing the drums .
A gorilla is drumming drums .
A cat is walking through grass .
A man is cleaning a bowl of food .
Two radio controlled cars are racing .
A man is riding a bicycle down a grassy slope .
A man is playing a guitar .
A bulldog is riding a skateboard .
Someone is petting a lemur .
A cat is playing piano .
A dog goes down a water slide into a pool .
A man puts chicken wings into tupperware .
A chef sautes diced onions .
Someone is cutting a red piece of meat into thin strips .
One man is laying on a table with a slab of concrete on his stomach and a second man breaks the slab with a sledge hammer .
A boy is kicking a soccer ball .
A man is chopping an onion .
A man is spreading dough onto a pan .
A woman is demonstrating a butterfly knife .
poring the rice into other uttensil
A cat is wearing a shirt and a woman lifts the cat and starts to move it's paws up and down .
A hamster is eating seeds .
A man kneads dough .
A man puts tomato sauce in a pot .
A guy is talking into a microphone .
A cake is being decorated with strawberries .
A woman is rolling dough .
A woman is wrapping a block of tofu in paper .
A girl is spraying water on plants .
A man is petting two dogs .
Someone places three prawns, each one stuck on a stick, into a pan of boiling water .
A man is tying in the machine .
A lady is typing on a keyboard attached to her laptop
A woman cuts a lemon .
A cat is pooping into a toilet .
A blond woman wearing a metallic looking out fit is pouring a drink from a bottle .
A woman is putting wooden skewers into some shrimp .
A baby is drinking from a cup .
Boys are playing a rugby ball
A man puts a ball on the floor and a young boy comes running up to kick it but misses and falls on his back .
Three dancers perform a choreographed routine .
A woman is tapping her fingernails on a table .
A chef working on some recipe
A man and a woamn sit is chairs and talk to one another .
Two women are preparing food .
A man is firing a shotgun and you can see the blast from the end of the barrel .
A man is lifting a barbell .
Someone is pouring two cups of water into a pan .
A dog is attacking a cat .
A girl is dancing .
A girl dives off of a rock into a pool of water below .
A kid playing a synthesizer .
Someone is slicing an orange vegetable with a green skin into thin slices .
A man is using a wooden handle to drive the cutting edge of a knife into another piece of wood .
A man is speaking into a microphone .
A woman is putting food into an oven .
a woman is slicing some onions
A man is cutting a potato .
A cat is playing with a ferret .
A woman is applying lipstick .
Men are arranging the direction of the helicopter .
A person is combing a cat hair .
A panda is eating leaf .
Two men are sparring by kicking and jabbing .
A woman is adding some chopped vegetables or fruit to a skillet .
A man performs card tricks .
A boy is dancing between the people .
A rocket explodes in the air .
A man is cutting a tomato in half with a knife .
A drill sergeant is inspecting a barracks .
A baby bites another childs finger .
A woman is putting a fish on a grill .
A little girl is walking down a hallway .
Someone is using a vegetable brush to clean a zucchini .
A girl is riding a pony .
A tiger is walking in the cage .
A man holding a revolver in front of him, turns it four times and then puts it down .
Children are playing in a park .
a cute baby was smiling innocently
A man ia singing on a stage .
A man is adding sugar in the cup of liquid and then drinking it .
A man is holding a tiny frog .
A duck is pulling a man's pent .
a man is riding a bike .
A girl is playing a violin .
A man is playing a guitar .
A person is slicing an onion .
A person is drawing cartoon characters .
A chef pours soy sauce into a measuring spoon .
A man puts vegetables into a pot .
A cat is pawing in a water bowl .
A boy plowed a field .
A man and a woman are talking .
A cat jumps over a baby gate .
A man is taking pieces of meat out of a Styrofoam tray and putting them in a Ziploc storage bag .
A girl with black lipstick on is laying in a tub filled with red liquid and a toy shark .
A man is doing leg lifts .
A girl is thinking about something .
A lemur is sitting legs stretched out on the ground and looking around .
Someone is pouring a can of tomato sauce into a pan of dices vegetables .
A man is shown climbing a rope and doing a duck walk type exercise .
A woman is slicing a capsicum .
A woman is adding oil and paste into the pan .
A woman is cleaning a garden .
A man is playing a drum set .
Someone is stirring a pan full of chopped vegetables .
A short haired furry animal is holding something in it's paws and nibbling on it .
A young girl puts a small child into a metal trash can .
A person is cooking onions .
A girl is playing a flute .
A group of swimmers jump into a pool .
A man tries to revive a woman .
A girl is dancing with music .
Someone is spooning seasoning into a pan of chopped vegetables .
A cook is chopping a mushroom .
A person is burning cameras .
A man is getting out of bed .
Police is chasing a car, which is being driven backward .
A cat is snarling at something .
A woman is chopping a bullion cube .
A man is pouring  oil on the woods .
Men are making pretzels .
A man is shredding a potato in the water .
A man is betting other man .
A man is spreading butter on garlic bread .
A white dog is running on a walking-way .
Someone is slicing a tomato with a knife .
A boy is playing a piano .
A man and a woman are walking in the woods .
A cat is playing on a trampoline .
Foxes are eating pet food .
EMT's are pushing a woman on a gurney through some hospital halls .
A chef slices a pepper .
A man sprinkles salt and various spices on pieces of chicken placed in a bowl and tosses them gently .
A man is making fish fry in a frying pan
A person is rapidly typing on the keyboard of a computer .
A man is adding a noodles in the plate .
A car is driving .
A woman is adding spices on a meat .
A car is climbing into a hill .
A group of girls dance onstage .
A woman is putting beef into a hot wok .
A man and a woman is kissing each other .
A dog is carrying a stick .
The boys did martial arts together in the field .
A man is peeling a carrot .
A man is opening a door to enter a room .
People throw a mannequin off of a cliff .
A baseball player hitting ball at 141km
A man crashes his motorcycle .
A man hurtles a ball which hits the only remaining two spindles, in a bowling alley .
A man is climbing a rope that is suspended from what looks like the ceiling of a warehouse .
A woman is putting cuts into a piece of meat .
Someone is rolling an egg omelet into a tube in a wok using chopsticks .
A man and woman are riding in a motor bike .
A man is chopping an onion .
A man is playing a computer game .